Add plot_flux_violin (#6389)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/release-notes/6389.feature.rst

> Add `~gammapy.visualizzation.plot_flux_violin.Datasets` to create a violin plot from flux samples given by the `FluxCollectionEstimator`

Reviewer: Make sure that these are the proper links too

> Add `~gammapy.visualizzation.plot_flux_violin.Datasets` to create a violin plot from flux samples given by the `FluxCollectionEstimator`

Author: ```suggestion
Add `~gammapy.visualizzation.plot_samples_violin_vs_energy` to create a violin plot from samples of a given quantity as a function of energy.`
```
